Add documentation for version 2 and migration from version 1 (#1)
Xerkus/laminas-mvc-middleware: docs/book/v2/migration.md

# Migration from version 1

> This documents details changes made from version 1 of this package or from its implementation in `laminas-mvc`.

Reviewer: Add a note that this package overrides and replaces default laminas-mvc behaviour.

## PSR-15 Middleware

> Only PSR-15 style middleware can be dispatched anymore, so all middleware has to implement
> `\Psr\Http\Server\MiddlewareInterface` or `\Psr\Http\Server\RequestHandlerInterface` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package now supports only PSR-15 interfaces. Support of `http-interop/http-middleware` has been dropped.  
Please also refer to [Laminas-stratigility v3 migration guide](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-stratigility/v3/migration/) if you used any of its features.
```

## Removed Route match params from request

> Previously, all matched route params were added to the `ServerRequestInterface` as attributes. This is no longer the case.
> If you need route params, you can extract them from the `\Laminas\Router\RouteMatch` request attribute which is still available.

Reviewer: I think something like this would emphasise the change better
```suggestion
Previously, for the matched route both `Laminas\Router\RouteMatch` object as well as individual matched params were added to PSR-7 request as attributes. This is no longer the case and only the RouteMatch object can be accessed as PSR-7 request attribute: `$request->getAttribute(\Laminas\Router\RouteMatch::class);`
```

```
